Adds new tips and silly tips (#31916)
ParadiseSS13/Paradise: strings/sillytips.txt

Nanotrasen would like to remind you that the popular "Deathsquad" show is completely fictional. The Deathsquad is not real. Making any suggestion to the contrary is grounds for immediate termination.
It's rumored that you can recolor the fur on station pets in washing machines by also throwing in a crayon.
Smoking is cool, but you have to light that cigarette before you can use it! How many ways to light a cigarette can you name?
As the Head of Personnel, there is surely nothing wrong with giving the Clown all-access...
As the Chef, you can cook the limbs of your fellow crew into a set of delicious species-dependent dishes. Can you collect them all?
As a Scientist, getting drunk just enough will speed up research. Skol!
As a Security Officer, the shotgun doesn't miss. The shotgun is the superior law enforcement weapon.

> As a Chemist or Scientist, you can subsist on nothing but pure suger from your chem dispenser. It's probably really bad for your teeth. Like, I'm gonna be real, your dentist probably hates you. Actually you proabaly can't even afford a dentist, Nanotrasen sure as hell isn't giving you free dental coverage. Oh and your medical bills are going to go through the roof when you start developing insulin resistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a Chemist or Scientist, you can subsist on nothing but pure sugar from your chem dispenser. It's probably really bad for your teeth. Like, I'm gonna be real, your dentist probably hates you. Actually, you probably can't even afford a dentist, and Nanotrasen sure as hell isn't giving you free dental coverage. Oh, and your medical bills are going to go through the roof when you start developing insulin resistance.
```
